docs(slot): extend documentation including slottable usages (#1344)
adevinta/spark: packages/components/slot/src/Slot.doc.mdx

In case of collision, it will preserve the most declarative (child value)

<Canvas of={SlotStories.Ref} />

### Append

> A `Slot` can have more than 1 descendant elements as a children but only 1 of them **must** be an `Slottable`.

Reviewer: A Slot can have multiple descendant elements as children, but only one of them **can** be a `Slottable`?

Author: ```suggestion
A `Slot` can have multiple descendant elements as children, but only one of them can be a `Slottable`.
```
